Hello readers, I am Patricia Rodgers, the author of this website, I have been a South Carolina Notary for about 3 years. As a South Carolina Notary, I can legally Officiant weddings in the state of South Carolina. However, when researching and reading about how to officiate my first wedding, (for a friend) I noticed that there was a lot of material available about wedding, wedding officiants, and the performing of the wedding ceremony, this became a great interest to me. Even though there was so much different content about weddings and wedding officiants, I developed wanting to be knowledgeable about how couples choose their officiant, attracted my attention. My friend chose me do-to-fact that I was her friend, however, I still wanted to know more and be able to officiate more weddings.

With this wanting to have more knowledge about the topic, I created this website. However, I did not create this website due to my thirst for more knowledge, I also created it to help people decide on an officiant for their wedding. In order for me to help people do this I am going to share my knowledge of the different wedding officiants with you and what I know and understand about the different types of wedding officiants and give an insight about how to choose the right officiant for that romantic day.

One thing that I will ask is if you ever find any of my comments interesting that you include your feedback of them within my website. Being able to officiate weddings myself, is something that I get excited about, and if you have anything interesting the you would care to share or any point of views of my content contained here, please do not hesitate to express your voice, feedback in every form is welcome.

Now About Patricia~~~Personally!! 
 
I am 42 years young, I am married to a wonderful husband, who is not only my husband but, my best friend. I have two wonderful and amazing children. A daughter, Ashton, who will be Y14 years old in February and a 3year old son, Casper, who keeps my husband and I very busy. We reside in the great state of South Carolina, in a little town called Clover. Clover is an amazing place to raise our children, and spend the rest of our lives together. 

I have recently graduated from college with an Associate in Science degree in Management. While going to college, I juggled a full time career, within the Corporate World, my family and my college courses. My husband was my biggest support (and still is) while I was in college. He wants nothing more for me than to succeed at whatever I am doing. 

Before becoming a South Carolina Notary in 2012, I found that when I personally was needing a Notary I was always frantically looking for one (and still am). I thought to myself that I would become a Notary to help people out that needed one, not ever actually knowing that when becoming a Notary that I could actually perform wedding vows, and marry people. 

We are the type of parents who instill in our children that if you put your mind to it, be dedicated and put forth a lot of hard work that you can reach whatever goals and dreams that you have set for yourself. We also believe that “FAMILY” comes first, then our career. We have old fashion values that you do not see any more. We believe that boys should call girls and it’s not the other way around. We believe that men should open doors for ladies, and so forth and so on. 

Being someone who was born and raised in Florida, with seven older brothers, (yes, I was spoiled rotten). I was taught by my parents that a person needs to have morals, along with being a person who meant want the said, and the word meant something. That a handshake sealed the deal. Well, my husband and I are people just as I was raised. 

Now that you know the passion behind the motivate to create this website. Then I have given you a little insight to me personally. I want to take a moment to thank you for checking out my website. I hope that you find the information resourceful and interesting.


Thanks Again,

Patricia
howtochooseaweddingofficiant@gmail.com
